README.md, before:

# Bitcoin Holding Landing Page

A modern, responsive landing page for Bitcoin Holding platform built with Next.js 14, TypeScript, and Tailwind CSS.

## 🚀 Features

- **Premium Design**: Clean, minimal, professional aesthetic for Bitcoin investment platform
- **Responsive**: Mobile-first design that works on all devices  
- **Performance**: Built with Next.js 14 App Router for optimal performance
- **Accessibility**: Uses Radix UI primitives for accessible components
- **Type Safety**: Full TypeScript support with strict mode
- **Animations**: Smooth animations with Framer Motion (respects prefers-reduced-motion)

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Framework**: Next.js 14 (App Router)
- **Language**: TypeScript (strict mode)
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS with design tokens
- **Components**: shadcn/ui + Radix Primitives
- **Animations**: Framer Motion
- **Icons**: Lucide React
- **Fonts**: Self-hosted Inter & Cal Sans

## 📦 Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone <repository-url>
   cd bitcoin-holding-landing
   ```

2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. Start the development server:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser.

## 🏗️ Project Structure

```
src/
├── app/                    # Next.js App Router
│   ├── layout.tsx         # Root layout
│   └── page.tsx           # Home page
├── components/
│   ├── ui/                # Reusable UI components (shadcn/ui)
│   ├── layout/            # Layout components (Header, Footer)
│   └── sections/          # Page sections
├── lib/                   # Utility functions
└── styles/               # Global styles
```

## 🎨 Sections

1. **Header/Navigation** - Global nav with search, theme, and language toggles
2. **Hero** - Welcome to Bitcoin Holding with key platform statistics  
3. **Quick Actions** - 4-card grid: Secure Storage, Investment Plans, Portfolio Management, Community
4. **Use Cases** - Bitcoin Holding solutions: Long-term holding, diversification, institutional services
5. **Platform Performance** - Bitcoin Holding platform statistics and metrics
6. **Learn** - Bitcoin Holding educational content and investment strategies
7. **Values** - Bitcoin Holding principles: Bitcoin focus, security, client-first, long-term vision
8. **Platform** - Bitcoin Holding tools, analytics, and professional services  
9. **Community** - Bitcoin Holding community and client resources
10. **Insights Blog** - Expert analysis and educational content from research team
11. **Events** - Bitcoin Holding webinars, conferences, and exclusive client events
12. **Join Bitcoin Holding** - Investment plans and account options
13. **Footer** - Company information, services, and platform links

## 🎯 Design Principles  

- **Professional & Premium**: Sophisticated design for serious Bitcoin investors
- **Bitcoin Branding**: Orange (#f97316) as primary accent color
- **Typography**: Modern sans-serif fonts with fluid scaling  
- **Accessibility**: High contrast, keyboard navigation, screen reader support

## 🧪 Development

- `npm run dev` - Start development server
- `npm run build` - Build for production
- `npm run start` - Start production server  
- `npm run lint` - Run ESLint
- `npm run type-check` - Run TypeScript compiler

## 📄 License

This project is open source and available under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

---

Built for professional Bitcoin investors and institutions

Commit message:

feat: Deploy-ready Bitcoin Holding site
- Add Vercel configuration with security headers and redirects
- Create environment example file
- Update README with comprehensive project documentation
- Build passes successfully with all optimizations
- Route consolidation complete (/chains -> /en/chain)
- Unified loader system integrated
- Chain-specific color system implemented
- All major features tested and working

README.md, after:

# Bitcoin Holding - Open Source P2P Money

A modern, responsive website for Bitcoin Holding built with Next.js 14, TypeScript, and Tailwind CSS.

## 🚀 Live Demo

Visit the live site: [https://bitcoin-holding.vercel.app](https://bitcoin-holding.vercel.app)

## 🚀 Features

- **Premium Design**: Clean, minimal, professional aesthetic for Bitcoin investment platform
- **Responsive**: Mobile-first design that works on all devices  
- **Performance**: Built with Next.js 14 App Router for optimal performance
- **Accessibility**: Uses Radix UI primitives for accessible components
- **Type Safety**: Full TypeScript support with strict mode
- **Animations**: Smooth animations with Framer Motion (respects prefers-reduced-motion)

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Framework**: Next.js 14 (App Router)
- **Language**: TypeScript (strict mode)
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS with design tokens
- **Components**: shadcn/ui + Radix Primitives
- **Animations**: Framer Motion
- **Icons**: Lucide React
- **Fonts**: Self-hosted Inter & Cal Sans

## 📦 Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone <repository-url>
   cd bitcoin-holding-landing
   ```

2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. Start the development server:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser.

## 🏗️ Project Structure

```
src/
├── app/                    # Next.js App Router
│   ├── layout.tsx         # Root layout
│   └── page.tsx           # Home page
├── components/
│   ├── ui/                # Reusable UI components (shadcn/ui)
│   ├── layout/            # Layout components (Header, Footer)
│   └── sections/          # Page sections
├── lib/                   # Utility functions
└── styles/               # Global styles
```

## 🎨 Sections

1. **Header/Navigation** - Global nav with search, theme, and language toggles
2. **Hero** - Welcome to Bitcoin Holding with key platform statistics  
3. **Quick Actions** - 4-card grid: Secure Storage, Investment Plans, Portfolio Management, Community
4. **Use Cases** - Bitcoin Holding solutions: Long-term holding, diversification, institutional services
5. **Platform Performance** - Bitcoin Holding platform statistics and metrics
6. **Learn** - Bitcoin Holding educational content and investment strategies
7. **Values** - Bitcoin Holding principles: Bitcoin focus, security, client-first, long-term vision
8. **Platform** - Bitcoin Holding tools, analytics, and professional services  
9. **Community** - Bitcoin Holding community and client resources
10. **Insights Blog** - Expert analysis and educational content from research team
11. **Events** - Bitcoin Holding webinars, conferences, and exclusive client events
12. **Join Bitcoin Holding** - Investment plans and account options
13. **Footer** - Company information, services, and platform links

## 🎯 Design Principles  

- **Professional & Premium**: Sophisticated design for serious Bitcoin investors
- **Bitcoin Branding**: Orange (#f97316) as primary accent color
- **Typography**: Modern sans-serif fonts with fluid scaling  
- **Accessibility**: High contrast, keyboard navigation, screen reader support

## 🧪 Development

- `npm run dev` - Start development server
- `npm run build` - Build for production
- `npm run start` - Start production server  
- `npm run lint` - Run ESLint
- `npm run type-check` - Run TypeScript compiler

## 📄 License

This project is open source and available under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

---

Built for professional Bitcoin investors and institutions
